Add agentConfiguration setting to Linux Azure extension documentation (#15888)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/faq/powershell-command-to-install-azure-datadog-extension.md

The Datataog Agent configuration should be created from the `%PROGRAMDATA%\Datadog` folder.

```powershell

> Set-AzVMExtension -Name "DatadogAgent" -Publisher "Datadog.Agent" -Type "DatadogWindowsAgent" -TypeHandlerVersion "6.4" -Settings @{"site" = "datadoghq.com"; "agentConfiguration" = "https://<CONFIGURATION_BLOB>.blob.core.windows.net/<FILE_PATH>.zip"; "agentConfigurationChecksum" = "<SHA256_CHECKSUM"} -DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set-AzVMExtension -Name "DatadogAgent" -Publisher "Datadog.Agent" -Type "DatadogWindowsAgent" -TypeHandlerVersion "6.4" -Settings @{"site" = "datadoghq.com"; "agentConfiguration" = "https://<CONFIGURATION_BLOB>.blob.core.windows.net/<FILE_PATH>.zip"; "agentConfigurationChecksum" = "<SHA256_CHECKSUM>"} -DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion
```

|----------|------|--------------|
| `site` | String | Set the Datadog intake site, for example: `SITE=`{{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true">}} |
| `agentVersion` | String | The Agent version to install, following the format `x.y.z` or `latest` |

> | `agentConfiguration` | URI | (optional) Url to the Azure blob contaning the Agent configuration as a zip. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `agentConfiguration` | URI | (optional) URI to the Azure blob containing the Agent configuration as a zip. |
```

> | `agentConfigurationChecksum` | String | The SHA256 checksum of the Agent configuration zip file, mandatory if `agentConfiguration` is specified. |

Reviewer: By "zip file" do you mean any compressed file type, or is the configuration zip file a specific type?

Author: Specifically a zip file type.

The protected settings include:

| Variable | Type | Description  |
|----------|------|--------------|
| `api_key`| String | Adds the Datadog API KEY to the configuration file. |

> **Note**: If `agentConfiguration` and `api_key` are specified at the same time, the API key found in the `agentConfiguration` takes precedence. Also note that if an API key is set on the target machine, it's not possible to change it with the `api_key` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If `agentConfiguration` and `api_key` are specified at the same time, the API key found in the `agentConfiguration` takes precedence. If an API key is set on the target machine, it's not possible to change it with the `api_key` setting.
```

### Specifying a configuration URI

> This example shows how to specify a configuration for the Datadog Agent to use.
> The Datadog Agent configuration URI must be an Azure blob storage URI.
> The Datadog Linux Agent Azure Extension will check that the `agentConfiguration` URI comes from the `.blob.core.windows.net` domain.
> The Datataog Agent configuration should be created from the `/etc/datadog-agent/` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to specify a configuration for the Datadog Agent to use.
- The Datadog Agent configuration URI must be an Azure blob storage URI.
- The Datadog Linux Agent Azure Extension checks that the `agentConfiguration` URI comes from the `.blob.core.windows.net` domain.
- The Datataog Agent configuration should be created from the `/etc/datadog-agent/` folder.
```
